jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/StopUpdateShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.StopUpdateShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ShellUtils.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ShellUtils
jco/ql/db/ds/client/configuration/ClientConnectionProperties.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.configuration.ClientConnectionProperties
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ImportCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ImportCollectionShellCommand
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ImportCollectionShellCommand$1
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ImportCollectionShellCommand$2
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/DeleteDatabaseShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.DeleteDatabaseShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/SetUpdateTypeShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.SetUpdateTypeShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/CreateCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.CreateCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/RemoveUrlShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.RemoveUrlShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/DeleteCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.DeleteCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/JCoShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.JCoShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ListUrlShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ListUrlShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ListCollectionsShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ListCollectionsShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/configuration/ClientConfiguration.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.configuration.ClientConfiguration
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.configuration.ClientConfiguration$1
jco/ql/db/ds/client/Client.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.Client
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/PingShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.PingShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/GetCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.GetCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/CreateVirtualCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.CreateVirtualCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/AddUrlShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.AddUrlShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ExportCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ExportCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/CreateDynamicCollectionShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.CreateDynamicCollectionShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/GetCollectionCountShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.GetCollectionCountShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/CreateDatabaseShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.CreateDatabaseShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/SetFrequencyShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.SetFrequencyShellCommand
jco/ql/db/ds/client/shell/ListDatabasesShellCommand.java
 jco.ql.db.ds.client.shell.ListDatabasesShellCommand
